README.md, before:

## Black box app (name may change)

-   Doing this for fun and currently making a news scrapper but I wanna test various things with this app as personal project. Including NextJS which is cool
-   Feel free to fork this project if you want to use as a base for you own or contribute to the current repo as well

## How to run this app locally:

Clone the repository:
`git clone https://github.com/<your-username>/black-box.git`

Install dependencies:
`npm install or yarn install`

Run the development server:
`npm run dev or yarn dev`

The application will be available at http://localhost:3000.

To build the application for production, run:
`npm run build or yarn build`

To start the application in production, run:
`npm start or yarn start`

Lint the code:
`npm run lint or yarn lint`

For now there is no need for environmental variables

## Work in progress. Current app status on Feb 2nd 2023:

<p align="center">
  <img src="assets/appimg-feb-02-2023.png" alt="Work in progress. App on Feb 2nd 2023">
</p>

## TODO:

-   priority: refactor app for scalability before adding more news sources
-   priority: fix how RenderNewsCard is rendering the image on the card when there is no image available from source

-   create more tests
-   add other news sources
-   ~~Header containing links to homepage and other pages~~
-   ~~CSS of news cards~~ (done for prototype)
-   ~~Info about install/run/deploy/contribute/etc on this README~~
-   filter the news based on the person's location. for now I'm fetching from the frontpage so it gets news from different states
-   eslint/prettier config with airbnb - already have eslint default
-   dotenv when necesarry - which it'll be eventually
-   add material ui - MUI - so that my project isnt the ugly blob it always is xD - at least chaptGPT did good on the color pallete
-   search input for keywords and to search news by a date/timeframe
-   ..

// some reference links:

-   [G1](g1.globo.com)
-   [UOL](https://noticias.uol.com.br/)
-   [UOL api](https://api.uol.com.br/#UsandoOAuth2.0paraacessarasAPIsdoUOL-5-ComochamarumaAPIUOL)

Commit message:

doc: update README with disclaimer

README.md, after:

# Disclaimer: This project has been discontinued for now. Currently, it is blocked from making requests on G1 and UOL :laughing:, which was expected. But it was fun while it lasted. If you test this project remember that this might happen and can be fixed by changing the server from which the requests are being made (until they block it again). But I would not advise to do so, as to not overload their servers. This repo might still be used for learning purposes as a base for making requests where it won't affect a day to day application like those. This is best applied on a a free api, for example

## Black box app (name may change)

-   Doing this for fun and currently making a news scrapper but I wanna test various things with this app as personal project. Including NextJS which is cool
-   Feel free to fork this project if you want to use as a base for you own or contribute to the current repo as well

## How to run this app locally:

Clone the repository:
`git clone https://github.com/<your-username>/black-box.git`

Install dependencies:
`npm install or yarn install`

Run the development server:
`npm run dev or yarn dev`

The application will be available at http://localhost:3000.

To build the application for production, run:
`npm run build or yarn build`

To start the application in production, run:
`npm start or yarn start`

Lint the code:
`npm run lint or yarn lint`

For now there is no need for environmental variables

## Work in progress. Current app status on Feb 2nd 2023:

<p align="center">
  <img src="assets/appimg-feb-02-2023.png" alt="Work in progress. App on Feb 2nd 2023">
</p>

## TODO / Roadmap:

-   priority: refactor app for scalability before adding more news sources
-   priority: fix how RenderNewsCard is rendering the image on the card when there is no image available from source

-   create more tests
-   add other news sources (terra, metropole, r7, cnn, folha, estadao, veja, bcc) - based on popular sites and third-party feedback
-   ~~Header containing links to homepage and other pages~~
-   ~~CSS of news cards~~ (done for prototype)
-   ~~Info about install/run/deploy/contribute/etc on this README~~
-   filter the news based on the person's location. for now I'm fetching from the frontpage so it gets news from different states
-   eslint/prettier config with airbnb - already have eslint default
-   dotenv when necesarry - which it'll be eventually
-   add material ui - MUI - so that my project isnt the ugly blob it always is xD - at least chaptGPT did good on the color pallete
-   search input for keywords and to search news by a date/timeframe
-   ..

// some reference links:

-   [G1](g1.globo.com)
-   [UOL](https://noticias.uol.com.br/)
-   [UOL api](https://api.uol.com.br/#UsandoOAuth2.0paraacessarasAPIsdoUOL-5-ComochamarumaAPIUOL)
